chore: CPLYTM-441 update docs (#443)
complytime/trestle-bot: docs/index.md

The `create-ssp` command can be used to create a new [OSCAL System Security Plans](https://pages.nist.gov/OSCAL-Reference/models/v1.1.1/system-security-plan/json-outline/) (SSP) in a trestle workspace. The action will create a new SSP JSON file and corresponding directories that contain trestle-generated Markdown files. This action prepares the workspace for use with the `autosync` action by creating or updating the `ssp-index.json` file. The `ssp-index.json` file is used to track the relationships between the SSP and the other OSCAL content in the workspace for the `autosync` action.

> The `sync-cac-catalog` command can be used to create or update a [OSCAL System Security Plans](https://pages.nist.gov/OSCAL-Reference/models/v1.1.1/system-security-plan/json-outline/) (Catalog) in a trestle workspace, based on a SSG Profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sync-cac-catalog` command can be used to create or update a [OSCAL Catalog](https://pages.nist.gov/OSCAL-Reference/models/v1.1.3/catalog/json-outline/) (Catalog) in a trestle workspace, based on a SSG Profile.
```
